 This website is made for Web Technologies 4BUIS011C. The task of creating this website consisted of making a website using html, CSS, and js. Website building was one of the more challenging tasks that I had to face in all computer modules this year. It involved a lot of work which I did not initially anticipate, it turned out to be a very time-consuming task with a lot of different scripts and lines of code that all came together into one website. Going more in-depth, I started out with a simple pseudo code which was the planning step I learned from the prior year. I built a flow chart depiciting what I will do and in which order. I started out by making an html website backbone, to be more precise the first thing that I made was an index.html which served as my main page, next pages followed later. After that, I designed and decorated my pages using cascading style sheets, also known as css. The most fun and enjoyable part of this entire project was the creation of a navigation bar and buttons, I really enjoyed trying out the hover css module, it allowed me to transform the experience and make the website feel alive. Creating more pages also was a surprise to me, as in the beginning when I had no clear understanding of how to link multiple pages together, I thought that it would involve doing something highly skill demanding, but later realized that it was completely beginer friendly as it only involved linking them together in my list unit in navbar element. Overall I do think that this project was super useful for me as I learned a lot about front-end website development.
  
 Website Link: https://peppy-licorice-9b0b8f.netlify.app
